rename @types/algosdk to @algorand-builder/types-algosdk (#202)
scale-it/algorand-builder: packages/types-algosdk/README.md

# Summary

This package contains type definitions for [js-algorand-sdk](https://github.com/algorand/js-algorand-sdk)

> The following is a `tsconfig.json` requirement:
> 
> By default all visible ”@types” packages are included in your compilation. Packages in `node_modules/@types` of any enclosing folder are considered visible.
> 
> To include this typing `typeRoots` needs to be specified, only packages under typeRoots will be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage

By default, the TypeScript compiler searches for type definitions in 
* all packages discoverable (node [modules](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/configuring-npm/folders#node-modules): `./node_modles`) under  ”@types” organization (eg `node_modules/@types` of any enclosing folder are considered visible).
* local `*d.ts` files
* all subpackages defined `tsconfig.compilerOptions.typeRoots`.

To use this package in a Typescript you have to update your `tsconfig.json` file. The `typeRoots` attribute must be  updated:

```
